this is world of warcraft running on the
new macbook let's go ahead and take a
look and see how all this thing runs
from the start of the game I can tell
you that I'm getting about 20 frames per
second I jumped from 20 to 25 sometimes
30 I know for a lot of MMOs this isn't
like the biggest deal-breaker
but I mean it can be during intense
matches with PvP the thing is I would
say it's running pretty alright
initially the game kind of started out
on low graphics and I bumped everything
up to medium so like in these areas here
I was getting like 30 frames like when
I'm going this route here so this will
give you a pretty good well
understanding here what it's like in the
beginning of the areas that you start in
and generally these areas are not very
intense so if you're not getting that
much frames here chances are you're not
gonna get that much more when you're
actually like in real battles I mean I
just started the game so by the way this
games got some pretty kick-ass music
I'll tell you that I've never actually
played World of Warcraft this is a very
interesting request some of you guys
made I would say that it's definitely
playable on medium graphics but if it
does get a little laggy which it might
doing some intense moments you might
need to drop down to low but it'll
definitely run a low so I'll go ahead
and I'll turn the graphics down here and
I'll show you what it defaults to as you
can see here 1280 by 800 so it's on good
which I call medium because when you
click on it there's fare and then
there's low so if you put all the
graphics down on low here's what a
little look like and then it'll probably
look like
but we want to know what it's like with
the most FPS possible okay so here we
have all the graphics turned down and
we're getting good 51 FPS so we
increased about 20 to 30 fps just by
putting it on low and I mean if you're
really an enthusiast of this game
there's really no reason why you can't
play this game on low graphics and still
pretty much I mean yeah I'm getting good
60 pretty much anywhere I go now
I mean even if I come back to this town
over here it's probably still gonna be
60 my next goal would probably be to try
this out in like a really dense densely
populated area so go ahead and subscribe
if you're actually interested in seeing
that let me know in the comments down
below if you guys are interested in
seeing densely populated battlezone cuz
I'll actually put in the effort to learn
how to play this game and do the test
for you guys if you're willing to
subscribe and like the video and all
that but if you're not then I guess I
probably won't do it so this is just a
general video here but yeah well flow
graphics I mean it's it's running really
smooth and by the way you don't have to
be plugged into power and even if you
are plugged into power it makes no
difference so it doesn't it doesn't
boost the gigahertz elf it doesn't do
any of that so you're pretty much
running the same no matter where you're
at that's one nice thing about the
MacBook is that since it's so lowly
SPECT
you can pretty much enjoy the game games
without being plugged into power which
is a good thing so keep in mind so to
recap like I was saying I want to thank
you for watching and if you have any
more questions please leave them down
below here I'll answer them for you guys
if you want me to make a more detailed
video of me testing it out in an
intensely populated area in a battle of
some sort let me know guys I still don't
know how to play the game but I'm
willing to learn it for you guys you
just need to let me know down in the
comments section below and if you're
looking for any different type of video
before the Warcraft or any other type of
game just let me know in the comments
once again subscribe if you haven't
already because I'm gonna keep you guys
posted with these developments and that
kind of thing so I don't be testing a
lot more games on this new MacBook and
the MacBook Air and the MacBook Pro
actually so that's gonna be coming up
pretty soon just let me know what you
guys think of the video and thank you
for watching guys another thing to keep
in mind is the game runs at 30 FPS 30 -
25 FPS on medium graphics which is
considered good in the rating system
there when you're taking a look you're
switching up your graphics and it's
actually running at 60fps when you have
all the graphics on low if you're a game
enthusiast and you need more FPS i
definitely recommend running
graphics on low because you're gonna
have 60 FPS no matter if you're plugged
into power or not which is great if
you're trying to get that eye candy
going and you want the game to still
look pretty decent just just run up
medium to low and you should be fine
getting about 30 FPS so maybe a little
bit more depending on where you're at
but I don't recommend running on medium
graphics and intensely populated areas
because I don't think it's gonna handle
it if you want to see that video let me
know guys in the comments thanks for
watching guys and subscribe
you